I can... control souls.
What I want is you.
From now on, you'll stay by my side forever, unchanged
and protect me.
What is Son Oh Gong doing that I shouldn't call for him?
It's something very important.
[Episode 13]
He went with Bu Ja. Did something happen to Bu Ja again?
- The one who is with Son Oh Gong isn't Bu Ja.
- What?
The one in possession of that body right now is a priestess named Ah Sa Nyeo.
We woke her up by mistakenly disturbing that tree.
Ah Sa Nyeo? Then what is Son Oh Gong doing with Ah Sa Nyeo?
I'm a priestess that can call a dragon.
I called a dragon and crowned a king,
but that king broke his contract of marriage with me, tricked me, and locked me up.
I need partner who will never betray me.
Great Sage, from now on, you need to protect me the way you've been protecting Sam Jang until now.
You should get rid of this now.
Now, you're mine.
You can have it. I don't need it.
- What the?
- I'm Oh Gong. That's Chil Gong. (Oh = 5, Chil = 7)
You can have Chil Gong, but you can't have Oh Gong.
He has another master.
Sorry, Chil Gong! I feel bad sending you to a women with such a nasty temperament.
But what can I do when she wants you? You go instead and do a good job.
I'm thankful for the gift.
This one is also cute but, as I suspected, I'm pretty sure the most suitable partner for me is you Great Sage.
Not so sure about that. You're not pretty at all. Just so-so. What's your charm? Try appealing yourself.
I'm extremely powerful.
I'm a priestess with powers that Sam Jang can't hold a candle to.
I was betrayed by a human and unfairly locked up for over a thousand years.
I came here to complete a marriage which I wasn't able to fulfill.
And I've decided on you, Great Sage, as my partner.
You even called a dragon for him but your groom-to-be tricked you and locked you up. That really must've been unfair.
I don't really care to stop you from carrying out your marriage that was incomplete.
But I can't let you get away with saying you'll take Sam Jang's place.
And on top of that, hearing you say that while you're wearing the face of Bu Ja whom Sam Jang cherishes, I can't bear listening to you anymore.
Sam Jang cherished her, didn't she? How about you Son Oh Gong?
Can you get rid of this child?
Becoming an evil spirit was what she feared the most.
An evil spirit? I'm not a little thing like that!
I made a promise with Bu Ja that I'd burn her here.
And I'm going to have to fulfill that promise now.
I'm now that mere possessed corpse right now either. I'm very strong.
I know. That's why I was going to have Ma Wang handle you, but I can't do that.
Ah Sa Nyeo. You're going to have to go back to sleep here.
I doubt this is the right time to be fighting with me though.
No. Once I've made up my mind, I have to see it through till the end.
If you continue like this Sam Jang will be in danger though.
- What?
- The food that I brought for her...I wonder if she ate it yet?
If she eats so much as just one bite of it, she'll be in danger.
If she by chance ate it, then you'll need to hurry over there and have her take this.
- Jin Seon Mi!
- You're here?
- Are you okay?
- Why? What is it?
Did you eat the food Bu Ja brought you?
No.
Oh, Son Oh Gong.
Did you find out anything?
- Ma Wang, are you all right?
- Why? What's wrong?
You're okay even though you're eating that?
- It's good though.
- You ate all of this?!
I was hungry so I just took some.
You didn't notice anything strange?
What? What is it?
It was a little salty.
You're completely fine.
Ugh, damn it!
What do you want me to do when I've already eaten it? Should I spit it out?
That's not it. Just swallow it!
Did something happen? What's wrong with you?
That bitch tricked me.
That monkey makes me want him.
Horrible monkey.
What Ah Sa Nyeo wants is to complete the marriage she couldn't fulfill?
That's what she said.
If she got tricked and locked up on the day of her wedding, she must have quite a big grudge.
Isn't it a simple matter of letting her carry out her marriage and relieve her grudge?
If we give her what she wants, then she might even give back Bu Ja's body, too.
It would be a relief if we could end this just by doing that.
She can't get married by herself. Is there a specific partner that she wants?
Because she's a strong priestess, she wants a strong enough partner to match that.
That's why I'm saying this, but how about you do it, Ma Wang?
Are you out of your mind? I've been remaining faithful to one person for 1,000 years now. That makes no sense.
You don't want to?
Then let's have Pal Gye do it who was close to Bu Ja.
Jeo Pal Gye himself told me that he's the most famous Lothario evil spirit.
Would that be okay?
Instead of Pal Gye, I feel like there's another more appropriate partner though...
Then there's no helping it. We'll have to send her to Oh Jeong.
Sa Oh Jeong? Have a conscious for goodness' sake!
Why? What's wrong with our Oh Jeong! He's rich and makes killer food.
Don't you know how cute he is when he smiles? He's full of charms!
Wouldn't it be best to just ask Ah Sa Nyeo in person who she wants?
We can't do that.
We can't listen to what she wants.
Why not? Who is it?
Ahem. Secretary Ma, I think Sam Jang is thirsty.
Go with her to get more water.
Just get the water for me please.
Secretary Ma!
It's this way. Let's go.
The one Ah Sa Nyeo wants is you, right?
She pointedly said she wanted you, didn't she?
Yeah.
She said she's a priestess that is more powerful than Sam Jang.
And that she'll take Geumganggo off and be good to me.
Oh, is that so? Then I guess a chance for you to live has come your way.
- A chance?
- Because of your fate with Sam Jang you're either going to be killed or kill.
If it's like that, then it's more likely that Sam Jang will die.
As for me,
if one of us has to die then I thought
it would obviously be me.
Hmm ... You must have felt it unfair.
It is unfair.
But...
when I realized she could be the one to die, too,
it feels even more unfair.
It's unfair for me, and it's unfair for Sam Jang, too.
I have nothing to do with it. This was all orchestrated by the heavenly realm.
The heavenly realm arranged it.
That psycho seems to have completely lost it now.
Do I need to give Elder Soo Bo Ri a heads up about this?
Great Sage!
I'm a little busy right now.
A death bell? What are you trying to do with this?
Oh Gong, remember I'm your teacher.
Who's going to kill and who's going to be killed? Tell me.
I don't know. That's something the heavenly realm decided.
I only knew that you two had a deadly fate.
So it was planned like that from the beginning, huh?
And you put a Geumganggo on me to protect her?
If it was going to come down to kill or be killed then you shouldn't have put this damn thing on me on the first place!
Sam Jang's summons is an important matter.
A sacrifice is needed.
A deadly fate? A lousy thing like that doesn't exist.
Now that I've come this far, I'm going to protect her until the very end.
And while I'm protecting her she will never ever die.
They need a sacrifice? Tell this to them loud and clear:
If you mess with the Great Sage, Son Oh Gong, the sacrifice will end up coming from their end.
And the fact that I have to do something like this is their mistake.
Did we really make a mistake?
Why are you putting the blame for this on me?
Your side was the one that made the decision!
Son Oh Gong meeting the priestess is an opportunity for him to live.
But I don't know if this idiot will waste this good opportunity.
Is it really impossible to change a fate that is decided upon by the heavens?
I'm not able to go against it either, so I've been like this for a thousand years.
Those wretched beings.
Great Sage's situation is different from yours, Ma Wang.
Since he is a deity, he should be able to interfere with human lives, isn't that so?
What would an insignificant evil spirit...
know about what a great deity is capable of doing?
I just need to diligently rack up points.
Ever since you saw her ninth reincarnation, you seem to have become more anxious.
The painful cycle of death and rebirth, we must end it for her this time around.
In order to do that, we must safely deal with Ah Sa Nyeo.
What Ah Sa Nyeo wants is to get married to Great Sage. Is that possible?
That's why I've already spoken to Sam Jang.
It's not even raining. What's wrong with the sky?
They must have gotten a little angry also.
Why did you come back again?
I came to protect you.
When I know that there is an evil girl around, I can't leave you alone on a night like this.
Her eyes are black, and she's really scary.
I heard she came on to you scarily. It must have been nice.
That Ma Wang must have said something again.
Whatever Ma Wang said, it's to make me look bad, so just ignore it.
I'm not concerned about it. I heard what that woman wants is you.
It doesn't matter to me.
Does it really not matter?
Even if it mattered to me, will anything change?
Fine, you marry that woman.
Is that some great thing?
The lids are switched. That one doesn't go with that.
Whether you have a wedding or not, it doesn't matter to me.
I said that those don't go together.
Is that important right now? Is it important that these don't match?
It's important.
This and this are a match.
But if you ask this one to be a match with this one, then of course the lid will open.
That's why your lid is open (furious) right now.
It's completely open.
I'll close it for you.
What are you doing right now?
Do you think this is enough?
Close it tighter.
You've gotten more slick, my Sam Jang.
I'm sorry, Son Oh Gong. I awoke something strange.
So I know shouldn't get angry at you.
It's Ma Wang's fault.
When you're suffering, blame others. It's good for your mental health.
I'm scared.
Like that other time, I might make you hurt again. I'm scared.
Just hold tight onto me. Then we'll be fine.
That sarcophagus is over a thousand years old.
Looking at the patterns inside, it seems like it was done to seal whatever was contained in it.
Yes, it must have been something that was considered extremely dangerous.
You said they are talisman with very strong incantations, right?
It must have been a being that was extremely feared.
This type of dragon symbolizes a king.
A dragon like this wouldn't be engraved just anywhere.
The owner of that sarcophagus had as much power as a king,
Or it's possible they were a being with more power than a king.
It seems so.
That means they were dangerous, feared, and also strong.
That's quite interesting.
Oh, pretty lady, I'm sorry.
You're quite a beautiful woman.
So we were thinking of buying you a drink.
Am I pretty?
Oh, of course! You're really pretty.
So, do you want to go with us?
Okay.
Let's go.
I can't recover my blood's strength with these types of things.
I need Sam Jang's body.
I can't let you get away with saying you'll take Sam Jang's place.
Should I make good use of Ma Wang?
Since I know his weakness.
There is a rose scent that comes from the Priestess Ah Sa Nyeo?
Yes. You have a lotus flower scent, hers is rose.
But I heard that she's very strong. Why don't I have any strength?
It would be nice if I was good at something also.
Your blood is stronger. She just woke up in someone else's body.
In any case, it's worrisome. I heard that she needs to be sent back safely to get Bu Ja's body back
and for Ma Wang to protect his points also.
Just what was Ma Wang crying to you about?
I'm almost a deity, but I'm going to have points taken away again.
Ma Wang.
I need to do what Ah Sa Nyeo wants,
And put her back to sleep gently.
In order to do that, let's send our Son Oh Gong.
But still, to send him off to get married is a bit...
It's just a formality.
But still, his heart is yours, Sam Jang. Is having a wedding such a big deal?
And we can save Bu Ja as well.
Bu Ja?
Bu Ja.
Poor Zombie.
Our Bu Ja, who still needs to be reincarnated.
My points!
If it's just a formality, then you should just get married.
Are you really okay with it?
It's fine. I've already done it with you twice.
We pretended to do it twice, in order to chase away evil spirits.
If I think of it as similar to that, I'm fine with it.
Ah Sa Nyeo is said to be dangerous if left alone.
Let's call her, placate her, and send her away.
Since I'm Sam Jang.
Should we do it one more time?
Do what?
Two times were fake. Should we do it a third time for real?
Do you want to marry me?
Is that... possible?
I said I would do anything you wanted.
If you want to, then anything is possible.
Then you can't run away from me, even if you take off the Geumganggo.
That's fine.
Jin Seon Mi,
Hold onto me even tighter.
Right now, you're about to make a contract that can't be broken eternally.
That's fine, a contract.
Tell me the conditions of the contract.
A contract...
Should be made seriously. I won't do it quickly like when I was young.
As expected, you've become smarter since you've aged. Do whatever you want.
Okay.
I got so angry today, I have a terrible headache.
I'll have to sleep here tonight.
If you're tired, then why are you sleeping here?
Right? Then let's go sleep in the bed. You must be tired, so let's hurry up and sleep.
Don't try anything tonight. Before you get cursed out, leave nicely.
So what if I get cursed out? I can't leave nicely.
After what I just said to you, do you want to send me away nicely?
I don't want to send you nicely. Do you think it's easy to send you away nicely?
I'm working hard to protect you.
Before I curse, leave quickly.
She was protecting me?
Because our Oh Gong is precious?
Ah, but I like being handled carelessly. Ah, seriously.
I heard that the child was kidnapped at a bus stop and killed on a rainy day.
And I also heard that she sits out there every day because of the guilt for not going out to receive her child.
Pardon me.
You just dropped your bag.
Thank you.
Why did you approach that woman?
Just to let you know, that woman carries this sort of stuff in her bag.
It looked like a dangerous object so I managed to take it away from her.
Is there anything else you haven't reported to me?
She stabbed a female student not too long ago.
She stabbed an underage girl who was released from prison after killing her daughter.
She wasn't able to kill the girl but it looks like she might be making another attempt at it.
A female student who slashed a little eight year old child to death was discharged from prison within three years.
And I guess it was too painful for her to see that.
It's another repeat of the same old life all over again.
Die!
Experiencing the pain of her child dying.
And stabbing the enemy. And in the end, she dies as well.
A continuous repetition of a tragic life...
You can't, Ma Wang.
If you interfere she'll receive even more pain.
Should I help you?
I think I would be able to help.
Please shut your mouth miss.
Please stay quietly until your find your stone coffin and fall asleep again.
I just want to help Ma Wang since he helped me to wake up from my sleep.
- Please leave. - Secretary Ma, just let her be.
Ma Wang...
Secretary Ma, please step away for a bit.
Let me at least here you out.
You said you were Ah Sa Nyeo. What can you do for me?
I'm a priestess.
So I am capable of a lot of things...
Why don't you postpone the ceremony to an hour later?
Yes, sir.
What brings you here to the company today, sir?
The chairman is a very busy man, so of course I should come and visit since I got nothing better to do.
I'm sorry sir, I will have more free time pretty soon.
So I will stop by your place and clean up that house that's long been overdue.
By the way, I was concerned about the White Kimchee that I made for you and was wondering if the flavors came out right.
I didn't visit you because of the White Kimchee, but I came here to see you because there is something that I want you to find out for me.
Of course, please let me know what it is.
Go find out about the priestess. She has been around for 1,200 years.
She calls herself Ah Sa Nyeo.
Also, look into the person named Kang Dae Sung while you're at it as well.
Are you talking about Professor Kang Dae Sung from Hankook University?
Why, what's wrong?
The priestess told me that she can call for a dragon to make a king out of a person. And that worries me.
Yes sir, I understand.
By the way, hyungnim...
So the person that looked like Bu Ja wasn't really her?
That's Ah Sa Nyeo.
I'm worried about her going around everywhere and bewitching people again.
So, you're not Bu Ja, huh?
That's right. My name is Ah Sa Nyeo.
Bu Ja was a little sister to me, Jeo Pal Gye.
Bu Ja's real name was Jeong Se Ra, and Bu Ja asked me to keep calling her Bu Ja.
I will be leaving now.
Hey Bu Ja, you are listening right?
You said that you wanted to meet your family, right? I will make sure to find them for you.
I'm not Bu Ja, and I have no need to meet a so-called family.
I'm going to make sure to fulfill my little sister's wish.
What is this? Is she still in here?
We'll have to see the certified copy of the register, but it seems like there are some unresolved issues.
Do you want to marry me?
CEO.
What have you been thinking about all day anyway?
You're married right?
Of course I am. I have two kids. Look.
You're wearing a wedding ring because you love your wife, right?
That's right.
Then let's say that ...
you didn't love her at first...
but the moment you put the wedding ring on your finger you all of a sudden fell madly in love.
Then would it be okay to get married?
We put the wedding ring on each other because we felt madly in love with one another.
That's not what I meant...
What I'm saying is, there was no love at first but the bracelet— I mean...
after putting the ring on, you fall madly in love.
Miss CEO, did you a buy a ring for Secretary Son?
I guess you put a ring on him with a diamond this big which springs up love that didn't exist before, didn't ya?
That's not love.
A love like that will be over once you take the ring off.
Diamond, geesh.
It's a bracelet, not a ring.
Miss C.E.O, please pass me the stamp.
Ma'am, stamp please.
Oh, okay.
If the love that wasn't there before came to be because of a thing,
then once that thing disappears, the love will disappear, too.
You shouldn't trust that type of stuff and get married you know.
Is that how it is?
♫ Whatever you do ♫
♫ I can't stop my laughter ♫
♫ To me, you become love ♫
♫ To me, you become my world ♫
♫ For some reason, I don't think I dislike this right now  ♫
I said, S-T-A-M-P, please.
♫ I will always be by your side ♫
Right here.
But if I set about a hundreds diamonds in it
and keep on giving until I die, then the love won't disappear, right?
Then I can do it, right?
If you are so capable to the point where you're able to provide him with a bigger and bigger and bigger stone for the rest of your life
then you should go for it.
It would be great if you can give me a raise instead.
Thank you.
♫ When I saw you ♫
♫ I think only about you ♫
♫ When I love you ♫
♫ Did you miss me ♫
♫ Even if my feelings change ♫
♫ I will ♫
♫ I wish you next, just as we are ♫
♫ Can we go back ♫
♫ When I saw you ♫
♫ Always behind of you ♫
Miss C.E.O...Miss C.E.O...
Miss C.E.O, you gave me the wrong stamp.
Seriously, women are so difficult.
Oh man, I think I'm gonna get sick.
Bu Ja, you came to visit. You were severely injured before. Is your body okay now?
Should I chill you a little bit more?
You... Something about you has really changed.
You're not Bu Ja, I see.
Long time no see, General Winter.
Who are you?
You don't recognize me?
How sad.
Then again, it's been over 1,000 years since we've seen each other, hasn't it?
I see you two siblings are still sharing one body.
Ah Sa Nyeo?
I met with your little sister. I even got a lipstick as a gift from her.
You met with my sister?
She doesn't know anything about you.
Even though I'm the one that allowed her extinguished soul to survive by putting it in her brother's body.
Isn't it uncomfortable sharing your body with your sister?
Even now, I can still take out her soul for you and make her extinct.
Why did you come to see me?
You're going to need to help me now.
To start, you need to find the censer that I used before.
You're going to help me, right?
Ma Wang got beguiled by Ah Sa Nyeo? How?
He met the Princess Iron Fan's ninth reincarnation.
And so he must have gotten impatient.
Ah Sa Nyeo is planning on doing something dangerous.
Please stop Ma Wang, Great Sage.
Then are you telling me that the solution Ah Sa Nyeo spoke of is possible?
It's possible, but it's too dangerous of a method.
As long as it's possible, that's enough.
Ma Wang, don't rush into anything.
Just continue working towards becoming a deity and wait for the time to come.
I've already waited 1,000 years.
If there's a way that's available to me right now, then I'll do whatever it is.
That woman is the Princess Iron Fan that committed a terrifying sin!
I'll pay the price for that crime.
Isn't that good enough then?!
I can't stop him. He said he was going to stick by the rules.
What do you want me to do!
So then why did you put me in charge of the ones with bad tempers?!
Ma Wang's lover was originally a deity named Cha Eun.
What sort of crime did she commit?
She stole the souls of human children in order to save her own child.
I hereby sentence Princess Iron Fan to punishment.
Yes, sir!
Princess Iron Fan, you are now banished from the heavenly realm.
Cha Eun!
After that for 1000 years, she's been through 9 painful reincarnations.
How much does she still have left?
Out of 108, she's already gone through 9, so she has 99 more to go.
If she went through 9 lives in 1,000 years,
then it'll take more than 10,000 years for her to go through 99 lives.
Ma Wang intends to take on that 10,000 years worth of pain all at once.
Did the Princess Iron Fan's child die?
It's possible that Ma Wang will die.
Sam Jang, give it a shot to try to stop him.
10,000 years of pain...
That's sure to hurt really bad.
I was roasted in the Bagua Crucible for 49 days, but I bet that's going to hurt 1,200 times worse.
Don't make me scared.
You shouldn't do it.
I'm going to do it.
You trust Ah Sa Nyeo?
If she tricks me, you'll kill her.
You trust me?
You owe us a debt, don't you?
When we were broken up, she wanted to tell me to get back together
so she had Pachoseon sent to me through a deity acquaintance of hers.
If that thug of a deity
hadn't pocketed that, then we would have been able to make up.
Isn't that right?
I thought it would be fine if I took my time to take it to you.
Did you think I knew that in the meantime she'd get involved in an incident and kicked out of the heavenly realm?
I was going to give it to you later but then I got locked up in the Five Elements Mountain all of a sudden and so I couldn't do so.
Whatever. Just repay that debt now.
Don't get in the way
and take care of the aftermath for me.
Do you really have to do this?
If it were you, would you not do it?
When there's a way,
would it be possible for you to not do it?
I wouldn't be able to resist doing it.
Hey! You, there!
Stop right there! Hey!
Who are you two?
We're here to get something. Please open the door.
Why you people-! Are you kidding me-
Yes, I understand.
The door has opened.
It's there just as you said it would be.
Take it out.
You used that censer to put my sister's soul in me, didn't you?
It's because I can manipulate souls.
What do you intend to do with that censer this time?
I'm going to switch souls this time.
Whose soul are you going to switch with who?
Mine with Sam Jang's.
Ah Sa Nyeo.
In order to do that I need to first put Sam Jang's blood in that censer and mix it with mine.
I should be able to get Sam Jang's blood if I use Ma Wang.
How nice it is that I'm getting to eat Sa Oh Jeong's homemade food for the first time in a while.
My my, you made my favorite mushroom porridge.
Hyungnim had me make it for you.
Why isn't there the napa kimchi that Ma Wang likes?
It's not fully fermented yet.
He won't be able to wait until then.
Give it to him to eat quickly.
Okay.
What are you doing?
I will live until the napa kimchi is fermented.
I won't die. What's with you?
You never know what will happen. Eat up and go.
You have scheduled events for today. What are you doing here?
Hyungnim Oh Gong told me to say farewell to you. Where are you going, Ma Wang?
I will be leaving, but I'll come back. I will definitely come back.
Right? Geez, he called me for no-good reason.
Pal Gye, just a moment.
I'll say this just in case: Good work collecting all those energy beads all this time.
They're stashed in a safe so if you need them take them.
Secretary Ma knows the password so, instead of fighting, be friendly with each other and share them.
I can really use them?
That's right. You may go.
See ya.
Next.
What's this? Did the dragon sea palace contact you?
Go and say good-bye to Ma Wang.
Forget it! I don't need a farewell from you. Just go back to the dragon sea palace!
Ma Wang, is there any one else you want to say good-bye to?
Why do you keep making me out to be like a bull on a slaughterhouse table? I'm not going to die!
Of course you're not going to die. But even so, we should say good-bye.
Ah, there's someone that you definitely need to see before you go, right?
I'll bring them to you. Just wait.
He's really enjoying this.
He's having the time of his life thinking that I'm going to die!
That thug! Nut job!
Why are those two acting like that?
Don't know.
You have a photo-shoot today, right? Let's go together.
I'm not going there. I'm going to go find Bu Ja's mother.
She's not Bu Ja anymore.
She's still Bu Ja! She's still my younger brother! Don't make me have to listen to even you tell me she's not Bu Ja.
I'm sorry for pretending to be Bu Ja the other night.
I was testing you.
- For what?
- Your ability.
How is it possible that a special person like Sam Jang wasn't able to tell that a soul had changed?
I heard that you're a very capable priestess.
Because you're so strong, I see that you're protecting Bu Ja from rotting anymore.
Thank you. You're very amazing.
If you find it so amazing, then do you want to switch?
Your blood has the scent of lotus flowers.
However, my blood has the scent of roses, which has always been stronger of the two.
Lotus fragrance and rose fragrance. Do you want to switch them?
There's something I learned to rub people the wrong way during times like this.
I don't want to to. Why should I? How much will you give me?
Even if you give me 500 won, I won't change with you.
Where did you learn that from?
Son Oh Gong. We're childish like that. Birds of a feather.
So don't think of butting in the middle of a pair of two of a kind.
And as for abilities, I'll have you know that both Bu Ja and you, Ah Sa Nyeo, woke up from my blood.
My blood also has it's own decent power.
So I've no thoughts of changing it.
This is the censer that disappeared from the museum not long ago.
This censer has the same dragon shape as the sarcophagus that you showed me.
It really is the same.
This is the woman that was caught on the CCTV camera when the censer disappeared.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
Jung Se Ra. It's that girl.
Like I thought, she didn't die and was still alive.
Bu Ja! Bu Ja! I found your mother! She's in the hospital right now.
Fortunately, she had someone to help her so she's being treated right now. Let's go!
Ouch, my nose hurts...
You really are Bu Ja!
Have you any idea how scared I was thinking that you were really gone?
What a relief.
- I'm-
- Don't tell me you're not!
I know that you're Ah Sa Nyeo. But Bu Ja's still in there, too.
So don't speak like Bu Ja's gone.
I'll go and meet your mother first by myself. Let's go together next time.
Such a pain. I need to quickly change bodies and get rid of this Bu Ja girl's body.
Today's the day.
This is the last day of her ninth life.
I'm all ready.
I just need you to prepare one thing for me, Ma Wang.
- What is it?
- Sam Jang's blood.
Since this body isn't mine, the power of blood is weak.
If I mix my blood with Sam Jang's it will be fine.
Put Sam Jang's blood in this censer.
[CEO Jin Seon Mi]
Ma Wang, what brings you here?
I came here like this because I have a favor to ask of you.
Sam Jang, there's someone I need you to see by coming with me.
So that's who that person is.
Welcome.
Are you looking for something?
I'll just take a look around.
There was a deceased soul next to her. Is she going to die today?
That's right. She lives the same length of a life for every life and then dies.
Today is the last day of her ninth life.
Then do you want me to rid of that deceased soul to prevent her from dying?
It's not possible to get rid of a deceased soul.
I know. She's going to die today. That's not something we can prevent.
But I've found a method for being able to end her eternal painful cycle of death and rebirth with the end of this reincarnation.
I heard that's something very dangerous for you.
I have to do it. Please help me, Sam Jang.
What do you need me to do?
I need your blood.
General Winter, I'm going to be able to mix my blood with Sam Jang's soon.
Once I go into Sam Jang's body, I'll become far more stronger than I was in the past.
What are you going to do with Son Oh Gong?
I'm going to take over that woman's body and marry him.
A priestess can manipulate the stars?
Yes, it is said that she can read people's destinies.
It is possible if she collects the destinies that will be given to Priestess Iron Fan,
So her deal with Ma Wang wasn't a lie after all.
She can also manipulate souls.
- Yeah.
She bragged about that to me herself.
She's capable of transferring a soul to somewhere else.
Transferring a soul?
Yes. It's possible for her to do so by mixing blood.
The number of remaining painful reincarnations for Princess Iron Fan is 99 times...
So am I supposed to be hit with the evil energy of the remaining 99 reincarnations?
Yes, I will bring forth the energies from the stars.
The energy of the stars will fall upon you like arrows.
You, Ma Wang, are to be hit with that evil energy.
First, we need to prepare the censer.
Please give me Sam Jang's blood.
Now, I will mix in my own blood.
Nice catch.
Why are you doing this?
What are you doing? Didn't I tell you not to come mess around?
I think she's acting weird.
Why does your blood need to be mixed in? Your blood has no power right now.
If you block me like this, I can't do anything.
We don't need you here. Get out.
Leave this here. Sam Jang's blood is already on it.
What are you doing right now? I told you not to come mess around.
I'm not messing around. Continue.
You made the priestess leave!
Sam Jang can do it.
- What?
- Me?
- i can't do it.
- You can.
Elder Soo Bo Ri said you can do it too.
Sam Jang is a more powerful priestess than Ah Sa Nyeo. You can do it.
Fine, then call Elder Soo Bo Ri here to confirm.
He went to go get someone, he'll be here soon.
Wait!
Back off for now.
I am Elder Soo Bo Ri.
I should be able to postpone it for a few hours with my power.
Seo Yoon Hee, stop what you're doing.
Come meet someone with me for a second.
Mind your own business and move aside.
Someone is about to take on 10,000 years of pain for you.
For that person, just 10 minutes... Can you give 10 minutes of your time for that person?
♫ When was it  ♫
♫ I don't even remember when it began  ♫
♫  Even if you approached me  ♫
♫  What prevented me from sleeping  ♫
♫  Your heart which sank and withdrew ♫
I...
was told I needed to meet you.
Who are you?
Even though you don't know me well,
I...
know you very well.
So that you'll have a comfortable fate,
I'll risk it all
and pray.
♫  One day, like a miracle  ♫
♫  Even if you brush by me, I can recognize you ♫
♫ You know that you are the only one for me ♫
♫ I, who was always late am sorry ♫
♫  Forgive me for not being able to protect you  ♫
♫  You who called for me during difficult days  ♫
♫ No matter where you are, as long as you call me ♫
♫ I'll show up, like a miracle ♫
I may have done this because of the bastard's threat,
am I doing the right thing?
Just bring her over! Let them meet once!
Oh Gong! I'm on punishment!
Why can't you stop a reaper from taking a soul for a while when you're a deity?!
You must bring her, okay?
You're not going to bring her? Should I go up there with you?
Just flip everything over!
You little... Psychopathic bastard
You'll bring her, right?
Don't die. Ma Wang, if you die, I'll be bored.
Put your hand on the censer.
You are Sam Jang.
You're the most special human being.
You can do it.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by
The Monkey Minions @ Viki
♫ It was probably destiny ♫
Your 10,000 years of pain is mine.
I love you.
Why can't I stop crying?
♫ When love is never ending ♫
♫ Like the night when even the moonlight is hidden behind the clouds ♫
♫ My heart is turning black ♫
♫ I am boxing up the longing in the pouring rain and letting it go ♫
♫ I am afraid you might forget me ♫
♫ If it were destiny, I will accept it ♫
♫ If so-called love becomes a sin ♫
[Hwayugi]
I'm wearing this now too. I'll protect you.
Do you really not see anything at all?
The world is pitch black.
Now, the energies of Sam Jang and me will slowly switch.
We have a predetermined fate.
This is a new contract between Sam Jang and me.
Did someone say you lost it?
I won't lose it.
If it's not Summer Fairy, then it's Winter General.
Call for me, Jin Seon Mi.